- Place: Online
- Participants: Aaron, Sebastian, Stephen

## Questions to Stephen

* can we get data on the distribution (shared and/or split mode) of host-/domain names per IP?
* how easy is it to deploy for SMEs?
* what are the incentives for SMEs to deploy it?
* what are the risks for ...?
* will new (ECH enabled) hostnames show up in CTLs?
* who scans for wkech?
* Doesnt' ECH (given the risks , non-existing benefits for SMEs, etc.) simply help centralization towards the CDNs / the big ones?
* Why does Tor not want to adopt DoH? --> research their reasoning and what does that mean for privacy of ECH?
* if the web is still decentralized (as in [Hoang, et. al. (2020). The web is still small after more than a decade](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/341627684_The_web_is_still_small_after_more_than_a_decade), and iff the majority of deployments are in shared mode, then we can easily cluster , right? What's the purpose of ECH then?

## Notes

problems with ZF: mention them in report

CDNs don't operate ECH
business model -> shared mode

no business model for split mode!

statistical analysis and traffic pattern -> further research
lot of research with fingerprinting -> could work with ECH too

which medium size hoster could benefit from ECH?
what are the incentives?
only a customer requesting it? won't happen

timing issue FF: no new information

what about non HTTPS, like video conferencing?
SMTPS: ECH not that important as HTTPS

TOR: Summarize the upstream discussion

south korea: ESNI blocking, censoring pornography

browsers are permissive
if dns is misconfigured, browser tries without ECH

explore how FF and other browsers behave with famility safety software exactly, so far not tested
